AuthenticationContextClassReferenceDocs (#10539)
microsoftgraph/microsoft-graph-docs: api-reference/beta/resources/authenticationcontextclassreference.md

---
title: "authenticationContextClassReference resource type"

> description: "Represents an Azure Active Directory authentication context class reference. Authentication context class references are custom values that define an authentication requirement."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: "Represents an Azure Active Directory authentication context class reference."
```

---
title: "authenticationContextClassReference resource type"
description: "Represents an Azure Active Directory authentication context class reference. Authentication context class references are custom values that define an authentication requirement."
localization_priority: Normal
author: "calebb"

> ms.prod: "microsoft-identity-platform"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ms.prod: "identity-and-sign-in"
```

| [Create authenticationContextClassReference](../api/authenticationcontextclassreferencesroot-create.md) | [authenticationContextClassReference](authenticationContextClassReference.md) | Create a new authenticationContextClassReference object. |
| [Get authenticationContextClassReference](../api/authenticationcontextclassreference-get.md) | [authenticationContextClassReference](authenticationContextClassReference.md) | Read properties and relationships of a authenticationContextClassReference object. |
| [Update authenticationContextClassReference](../api/authenticationcontextclassreference-update.md) | [authenticationContextClassReference](authenticationContextClassReference.md) | Update a authenticationContextClassReference object. |
| [Delete authenticationContextClassReference](../api/authenticationcontextclassreference-delete.md) | None | Delete a authenticationContextClassReference object. |

## Properties

| Property     | Type        | Description |
|:-------------|:------------|:------------|

> |id|String| Identifier used to reference the authentication context class. The id is used to trigger step-up authentication for the referenced authentication requirements and is the value that will be issued in the acrs claim. This value in the claim is used to verify the required authentication context has been satisfied. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|id|String| The identifier that is used to reference the authentication context class. The id is used to trigger step-up authentication for the referenced authentication requirements and is the value that is issued in the acrs claim. This value in the claim is used to verify that the required authentication context has been satisfied. |
```

> |displayName|String| DisplayName is the friendly name of the authenticationContextClassReference. This value should be used to identify the authentication context class reference when building user facing admin experiences, like selection UX. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|displayName|String| The display name is the friendly name of the authenticationContextClassReference. This value should be used to identify the authentication context class reference when building user facing admin experiences. For example, selection UX. |
```

> |description|String| Description is a short explanation the policies that will be enforced by authenticationContextClassReference. This value should be used to provide secondary text to describe the authentication context class reference when building user facing admin experiences, like selection UX.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|description|String| A short explanation of the policies that are enforced by authenticationContextClassReference. This value should be used to provide secondary text to describe the authentication context class reference when building user facing admin experiences. For example, selection UX.|
```

> |isAvailable|boolean| IsAvailable is set to true if the authenticationContextClassReference has been published by the security admin and ready for use by apps. When it is set to false it should not be shown in admin UX experiences, because the value is not currently available for selection.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|isAvailable|boolean| Indicates whether the authenticationContextClassReference has been published by the security admin and is ready for use by apps. When it is set to `false` it should not be shown in admin UX experiences because the value is not currently available for selection.|
```

## Relationships

None.

## JSON representation

The following is a JSON representation of the resource.

<!-- {
  "blockType": "resource",
  "optionalProperties": [
    "displayName",
    "description",
    "sessionControls",
    "grantControls"
  ],
  "@odata.type": "microsoft.graph.conditionalAccessPolicy",
  "baseType": "",
  "keyProperty": "id"
}-->

```json

> {

Reviewer: Indentation should be 2 spaces.

Author: done

            "id": "String",
            "displayName": "String",
            "description": "String",
            "isAvailable": "boolean",

>         }

Reviewer: Line 64 seems to be an extra bracket.

Author: Done

     }

```

<!-- uuid: 16cd6b66-4b1a-43a1-adaf-3a886856ed98
2019-02-04 14:57:30 UTC -->
<!-- {
  "type": "#page.annotation",

>   "description": "conditionalAccessPolicy resource",

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  "description": "authenticationContextClassReference resource",
```

  "keywords": "",
  "section": "documentation",
  "tocPath": ""

> }-->

Reviewer: Should there be table of contents (TOC) entries for the API being added in this PR?
